It is often called devil flower or cat`s whiskers, it grows in Asia, Africa and Australia
The second name of this plant is sandew .The drops of mucilage at the tip of each tentacle resembledrops of morning dew.
This plant is the tiniest flowering plant, which has been collected from the water and eaten as a vegetable in much of Asia
This plant is also known as a butterfly pea an is native to tropical and temperate areas of the world. Its name is based on the references to a woman`s sexual organ.
This tree can be found on the islands of the Pacific. Before being eaten its fruits are baked, fried and boiled. The taste is described as freshly baked bread.
It is used in the production of a famous alcohol drink, great plantations of this plant are in Mexico.
The name of this plant is derived from the Greek words. The first means poison, the second has the meaning tree, it grows in Asia and America.
It is know as the titan atum or the corpse flower. During bloom the tip of the spadix is approximately human body temperature. The plant has the smell of a rooting animal.
This plant has the second name "tree tumbo". The tow leaves of the plant can reach lengths up to 4 or even 6 m and the age of some of them may be 1000 years old.
It was use as a paralysing poison by South American indigenous people and A. Humboldt gave the first account of how the toxin was prepared from this plant byOrinoco River natives.
In the past this plant had a number of colorful names, including Beaver poison, Children`s bane or Shakeweed.
It is a genus of parasitic flowering plants. In some species the flower may be over 100 centimetres in diameter and weigh up to 10 kilograms, it looks and smells like rooting flesh.
It is a national tree of Madagascar, it is a source of food, water, health remedies. The plant can grow to5 or 25 m in height and live more than 1000 years.
This plant is a national symbol of Austria, it is worn as a cap emblem by Austrian troops and displayed on Austrian coins.
It is a plant, with the help of which Medea tried to poison Theseus in Greek mythology. She added it in a cup of wine.
In the 15th and 16th century the structure of this plant was associated with the last days of Jesus. For example, 5 anthers represent 5 wounds (4 by the nails and 1 by the lance).
One of the numerous kinds of orchids, that can be found I Asia and New Guinea.
It is also known as monkey cups, because monkeys have been observed drinking rainwater from them. This plant attracts and kills spiders, snails, frogs and even rats.
the name of the plant is derived from the ancient Greek words with the meanings " stone" and " face". It is connected with stone-like appearance of the plant.
It is an evergreen, long-lived tree, which is often called coast redwood.
This plant is known as burning bush or gas plant, it may cause mild stomach upset if eaten, and a contact with the foliage may cause photodermatitis.